 

 

 

#57, Sector 10, Panchkula, Haryana |Mobile: +91 9818088094 | Neha.89.manchanda@gmail.com 

NEHA MANCHANDA 

 

Professional Summary 

Working as an Assistant Manager with Pricewaterhouse Coopers Private Limited (PwCPL), having 7.3 years 
of experience in field of contract lifecycle management and technology implementations. 

  Pre and post sales demos, documentations, project plans (effort, time and manpower estimations) 

requirements. 

  Worked extensively on tools like Apttus, Icertis, Ariba, Determine, Callidus Cloud, Seal etc.  
  Worked in data model design, understanding integration scenarios (Single Sign On and Contract 

Digitalization) and managing implementations. 

  Global Expertise in Legal-Techno CLM implementations (Requirement Gathering  Support Services) 

Project Experience Summary 

 
Current Employer: Pricewaterhouse Coopers Private Limited (PwCPL), Gurgaon 
Designation: Assistant Manager 
Project Designation: Solution Architect 
Tenure: May 2, 2018 till Present 
 
  Preparation of documentation including BRD (Business Requirement Document), Solution Design 

Document, Technical Design Document, UAT Scripts, Training Materials, SoPs, Target State 
Processes (Visio) 

  Organize Pre-Sales sessions for the End Client 
 

Involved in RFP Process to finalize the Vendor and provide technical support in basic 
Integrations (like Adobe Echosign/Docusign/Single Sign On) 

  Train the Trainer Sessions 
 

Involved in various phases of the project: Requirement gathering, Design, Build, Deploy, 
Maintenance 

  Ability to troubleshoot and recommend suggestions to resolve conflicts between 

business requirements and standard system functionality. 

  Basic Knowledge of configuration including Microsoft Azure, Salesforce, Microsoft Visio 
  Worked on various CLMs (including Apttus, Determine, IBM Emptoris, SAP Ariba, iCertis, 

Callidus Cloud) 

  Handled CRs related to different Business Objects 
  Extensive onsite experience in understanding business requirements and customizing the Solution to 

meet the requirements.  

Current Employer: Elevate Services, Inc. (Former Sumati Legal Services Private Limited, Chandigarh) 
Designation: Technology Analyst 
Project Designation: Technical Lead 
Tenure: Jan 23, 2014 to April 27, 2018 

Involved in Legacy Migration Process and the API Integrations 

  Lead the Pre-Sales Process 
 
  Analysis of requirements, Identification and programming 
  End to End process for material creation, maintenance and workflow process. 
  Arranged and presented the KT session to the new joiners and experienced persons. 
  Responsible for User Acceptance Testing and fixing issues if any during the phase. 

  Technically supported the Product as an L2/L3 Support as well 
  Created User Training Documents for the End Users. 
  Understanding of Business Processes and mapping into the current System 
  Prepared Knowledge guide including the Blueprints of the basic Business Model. 
  Provided inputs for process improvement and optimized the code to provide the quality code 

to the Client. 

  Worked on release procedure issues. 
 
 

  Skills and Training 

 
  Basic Knowledge of configuration including Salesforce, Microsoft Visio, Core Java, XML, 

HTML and JavaScript 

  Good experience in organizing interactive sessions with clients. 

  Trained the sub-ordinates about the different tools which are implemented in the 

Organization and acted as a Solution Architect for Contract Management Lifecycle Products. 

  Trained on Apttus CLM (Contract Lifecycle Management) Functional and Technical domain, 

Determine CLM, Icertis, Seal 

Extra-Curricular Activities & Achievements 

  Possess US B1/B2 visa and travelled at Client Sites for Training and Requirement Gathering. 
  Microsoft Certified in HTML 5.0 with JAVASCRIPT and CSS3.0 in 2013. 
  Harvard Business School certification sponsored by Infosys. 
  Been a part of CSR initiative in the previous Employer. 

Academic Qualifications 

B.E (COMPUTER SCIENCE 
ENGINEERING) 
Chitkara University, Himachal 
Pradesh CGPA: 8.41 

 

 

CBSE-XII (NON MEDICAL- Science) 
School- MotiRam Arya Sr. Sec. School, Sec-27-
C, Marks: 71.2 % 

 
Chandigarh 

CBSE-X 
School- Bhavan Vidyalaya, Sector-15, 
Panchkula Marks-83.8% 

Personal Details 

 

 

DOB: Nov 28, 1989 
FATHER’S NAME: Sunil Manchanda 
PASSPORT NO: Z2354569 

SEX: Female 
MARITAL STATUS: Single 
NATIONALITY: Indian 

Declaration 

 

2008 -2012 

2007 -2008 

2005-2006 

 

 

 

I hereby state that the details mentioned above are to the best of my knowledge and belief. 

(Neha Manchanda) 

 

 

 

