 

VEDASHREE BHANDARE 

Email: vedashreepopatrao.bhandare@sjsu.edu | Phone: 6692219915| LinkedIn 

 
 
SUMMARY 
  
Salesforce developer and administrator with 3 years of experience in project development, maintenance. Proficient in Salesforce 
configuration and Development. Experience in developing Salesforce lightning component. Familiarity with project management 
approaches, tools and project lifecycle phases. 
 
TECHNICAL SKILLS 
 
Programming/Scripting Languages: Java, C, C++, Python, Apex, Visualforce, JavaScript, HTML/CSS. Query Languages: SQL, SOQL. 
 
Database: MYSQL, NoSQL (Mongo DB, Cassandra) Operating Systems: Windows, Linux (Ubuntu) 
Software Tools: Eclipse, Git, Minitab,Python libraries (Pandas, Sickit learn, NLTK, NumPy, SciPy, Matlab) 
 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
 
Application Development Analyst, Accenture 
 
Designed, developed and maintained salesforce CRM for a financial client across US. 
 

●  Analyzed business and functional requirements. Designed technical solution for Territory Management Module. 
●  Designed and implemented APEX Triggers, Classes, Batch jobs, Workflow, Validation rules for complex functionalities. 

June 2015 – July 2018 

Built Visual Force pages. 

 

●  Used JavaScript, HTML and CSS for lightning component development. 
● 

Integrated our salesforce org with legacy systems using REST/SOAP API using JSON and XML. Generated 
reports and dashboards to draw analytical insights about the sales data. 

●  Trained associates with best coding practices. Assigned and reviewed the given task. 

 
EDUCATION 
  
Master of Science in Computer Science – San Jose State University, CA, US, GPA: 3.8 
Bachelor of Computer Engineering – University of Pune, MH, India 
 
Courses – Advanced Operating System, Relational Database Management Systems, Data Structure and Algorithms, Object-Oriented 
Programming, Software Engineering, Topics in Machine Learning, Design and Analysis of Algorithm, NoSQL Databases. 
 
PROJECTS 
 
Quora Question Pairs (Technologies used: Python, NLTK, Word2Vec) 
 

 
Aug 2018 – (Expected) May2020 
 Aug 2011 – May 2015 

Aug 2018 – Dec 2018 

• 

Solving natural language processing problem by applying advanced Machine Learning techniques to classify whether 
question pairs are duplicates or not. 

 

•  Applied various ML models like Logistic Regression, Random Forest, SVM and experimented with DNN. 

Predict Which Passengers Will Survive Sinking Titanic (Technologies used: Python, Minitab, Matplotlib) 

Aug 2018 – Dec 2018 

 

●  Performed all the data analysis steps for predict if a particular passenger survived the sinking or not. 
●  Machine learning model used was SVM, Grid Search was used for hyperparameter selection. Data analysis like hypothesis 

testing, logistic regression was done using statistical tool – Minitab. 

Intelligent Carpooling Application (Technologies used: Android SDK, JAVA and MYSQL) 
 

Aug 2014 – May 2015 

●  Application side development involved use of Android SDK, while server-side coding was done using JAVA. Tomcat 

 

server was used along with MySQL database. 

●  Used Google Cloud Messaging API for connection between the application and the server. 

Dead Stock Management (Technologies used: C#, Oracle 11g, VisualBasics) 
 
 

●  Oracle 11g database was used to store data and SQL was used to save and retrieve data. 
●  The application automated process reducing human errors, increasing accuracy, precision and improved profitability by 

June 2013 – Dec 2013 

20%. 

 
CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 

●  Salesforce Certified Platform Developer | January 29, 2017 

 

●  Salesforce Certified App Builder | October 22, 2016 

●  Salesforce Certified Admin | November 27, 2015 

 
LEADERSHIP ACTIVITIES AND ACHIEVEMENT 
 

●  “Star of the Month Award” for dedication, commitment and an inspiring role model to colleagues. 
●  “Centre of Excellence” for on-time and quality deliverable provided to client under stringent time lines. 
●  Held Brownbag sessions for new salesforce release and spread awareness about best coding practices. 

 

